# yext-sites-starter-v1

This repo is an example of what the starter template for Yext Sites looks like. The goal is to illustrate a directory structure that 1) includes all the core features of Yext Sites and 2) is intuitive for new developers.  

The starter repo has the following directories:  

## /yext 
Contains all the configuration for how Yext should generate your site. 

**/yext/pages** 
Includes all the web pages that will be generated by Yext Sites. Each file in `/pages` will generate a static page or a set of entity-driven pages. Each file specifies meta data like the `template` , the `url_template` , and optionally the `stream_data` for the page.  

**/yext/features** 
Includes other features of the site that are not consumer-visible web pages. Includes features such as `redirects`, `sitemaps`, etc. 

**/yext/stream data**
Includes configuration files that make it easy to set up M4 for your site. Users can add a set of files, each which specify (entity type, fields[]). The Yext system derives the required m4 configuration based on what the user has supplied. Each `streamData` file is meant to match to a `page` file.  

## /templates 
Contains all the templates for the site. By convention, this is broken into two sub-directories:  

**/templates/page_templates** 
Contains templates which specify the HTML of the page, optionally including data from M4 

**/templates/url_templates** 
Contains templates which specify the url structure of a page, optionally using data from M4

## /assets 
Contains all the static assets that need to be processed by CI including -- SCSS, JS, PNG, font files, etc 

## /static
Contains static assets that do not need to be processed by CI. These files are copied into the artifact repository as is. 




